1.5 -> 2.0 Migration Guide (#105)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: website/versioned_docs/version-2.0.0/getting_started/migration.md

- You will be greeted by the new onboarding experience. If you are connected to your home wifi, the app will find your Home Assistant instance - or you can manually enter the URL.
- You will be prompted to log on to your Home Assistant instance.
- Please give permissions to the app.
- Watch the app set up its integration etc.
- Once onboarding is complete, restart Home Assistant, then once Home Assistant is back online, force-close the app and reopen. This step is necessary so the notify service can register. 
- You should now be ready to go with the new Home Assistant iOS app. To verify:
  1. Check Home Assistant Configuration -> Integrations. You should now have an entry named "Mobile App: <iOSDeviceName>" containing sensors. 
  2. Check for a new device_tracker entity
  3. Check for a new notify.mobile_app_iosdevicename service
- Repeat for all iOS devices connected to your Home Assistant

## 2 - Updating notifications and device trackers
Because the app is using a new push notification backend and the new device tracker architecture, you will need to change your automations to use the new service and tracker:

> - Add the device_tracker entity to the 'person:'

Author: I don't think there is a need to link the `device_tracker` entity to a `person:` entry. It may be best to but not needed, lots of people will perfectly be able to trigger of `device_tracker` changes

```suggestion
```

> - Update your automations to use the new service and device_tracker entity. This should be as simple as using search & replace with your old and new service and entity names.

Author: ```suggestion
- Update your automations and configuration files (e.g. `configuration.yaml` and additional files you may have set up) to use the new service and device_tracker entity. This should be as simple as using search & replace with your old and new service and entity names.
```

4.  If this was your only device, you can now delete the iOS integration as a whole by going back one page and using the trash can icon in the top right.
5.  Open the 'known_devices.yaml' file and remove the entry that has the same `<device_name>` as in Step 3.
6.  Restart Home Assistant. The connection between your old Home Assistant Companion 1.5 App and your Home Assistant Instance should now be fully removed.

## 4 - Known issues
1.  During onboarding when entering the username and password, you get an error message and Home Assistant logs
`[homeassistant.components.auth.indieauth] Timeout while looking up redirect_uri https://home-assistant.io/iOS`: This happens when your Home Assistant (and likely your home network) has a broken IPv6 configuration. This usually can be resolved by fixing the IPv6 on your network or disabling IPv6 on your Home Assistant host system. This is not a bug in the app.

> 2.  All sensors created during onboarding are only called e.g. `sensor.battery_level`. If you have multiple iOS devices you may have multiple similarly named entities. We recommend renaming the entities via HA Configuration -> Integrations -> Mobile App: iOS Device Name and prefixing the sensors with the device name. This may get resolved with future updates to the mobile_app integration.

Author: ```suggestion
2.  All sensors created during onboarding are only called e.g. `sensor.battery_level`. If you have multiple iOS devices you may have multiple similarly named entities.If needed, you can rename the entities via HA Configuration -> Integrations -> Mobile App: iOS Device Name and prefixing the sensors with the device name. This may get resolved with future updates to the mobile_app integration.
```
